Add a short features text (#2294)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/rahti2/index.md

Welcome to the Rahti 2 container cloud! Rahti 2 offers several features out of the box. It has an

> integrated and configurable **health monitoring** system that allows fast and automatic **scaling**
> and **failover**. Deployments of new version can be easily done transparently with the provided
> **rolling updates** features that use the integrated **load balancing** system. Rahti 2 also provides
> default **DNS** names (With the pattern <something>.rahtiapp.fi). These domain names have TLS certificates

Reviewer: If I may,

```suggestion
integrated and configurable **health monitoring** system that allows for fast and automatic **scaling**
and **failover**. Deployment of new versions can be done easily and transparently with the provided
**rolling updates** feature that uses the integrated **load balancing** system. Rahti 2 also provides
default **DNS** names (with the pattern `<something>.rahtiapp.fi`). These domain names have TLS certificates
```
